Add modification to conda-based installation guide. (#19453)
idaholab/moose: modules/doc/content/getting_started/installation/install_mambaforge.md

## Install Mambaforge3 id=installconda

> Installing Mambaforge3 is straight forward. Download, install, and configure. If you run into issues during these steps, please visit our [troubleshooting guide for Conda](troubleshooting.md#condaissues optional=True). This installation
> guide relies on the utilization of `mamba`, a C-based package manager for Conda that takes advantage of parallelization
> and is, therefore, considerable faster.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps below depending on your platform to install mambaforge. If you run into issues during these steps, please visit our [troubleshooting guide for Conda](troubleshooting.md#condaissues optional=True). This installation
guide relies on the utilization of `mamba`, an optimized package manager for Conda.
```

Reviewer 2: I like this change.

Reviewer 2: I like this change.

- +Linux Users:+

  ```bash
  curl -L -O https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/releases/latest/download/Mambaforge-Linux-x86_64.sh
  bash Mambaforge-Linux-x86_64.sh -b -p ~/mambaforge3
  ```

- +Macintosh Users with Intel processors:+

  ```bash
  curl -L -O https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/releases/latest/download/Mambaforge-MacOSX-x86_64.sh
  bash Mambaforge-MacOSX-x86_64.sh -b -p ~/mambaforge3
  ```

- +Macintosh Users with ARM processors:+

  ```bash
  curl -L -O https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/releases/latest/download/Mambaforge-MacOSX-arm64.sh
  bash Mambaforge-MacOSX-arm64.sh -b -p ~/mambaforge3

>   ```

Reviewer 2: Since we don't officially support ARM platforms on Mac (yet), I think this should be removed until we do.

Reviewer 3: darn... yeah.. . sad panda

With Mambaforge installed to your home directory, export PATH, so that it may be used:

```bash
export PATH=$HOME/mambaforge3/bin:$PATH
```

Configure Conda to work with our INL public channel:

```bash
conda config --add channels https://conda.software.inl.gov/public
```

!alert warning title=sudo conda

> If you find yourself using `sudo conda`/`sudo mamba`... something is not right. The most common reason for needing sudo, is due to an improper Conda installation. Conda *should* be installed to your home directory, without any use of `sudo`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you find yourself using `sudo conda`/`sudo mamba`... something is not right. The most common reason for needing sudo is due to an improper Conda installation. Conda *should* be installed to your home directory, without any use of `sudo`.
```
